Single file skip parallel (#10903)
rubocop/rubocop: changelog/fix_speed_up_single_file_inspection.md

> * [#1003](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop/pull/10903): Skip forking off extra processes for parallel inspection when only a single file needs to be inspected. ([@wjwh][])

Reviewer: Can you update the PR nimber 😅 

```suggestion
* [#10903](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop/pull/10903): Skip forking off extra processes for parallel inspection when only a single file needs to be inspected. ([@wjwh][])
```

> * [#10889](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop/pull/10889): Skip forking off extra processes for parallel inspection when only a single file needs to be inspected. ([@wjwh][])

Reviewer 2: You need to add a trailing newline to this file please.

Author: Done :+1:

> * [#10889](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop/pull/10889): Skip forking off extra processes for parallel inspection when only a single file needs to be inspected. ([@wjwh][])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#1003](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop/pull/10903): Skip forking off extra processes for parallel inspection when only a single file needs to be inspected. ([@wjwh][])
```

Author: Whoops, leftover from the original PR where something went wrong with the rebasing. Thanks for catching that.
